Vangard Target Ret -73.pdf

id: 0ba1afbf5f0a34f20f2f01390d60b4ba
mime: application/pdf
filename: Vangard Target Ret -73.pdf
created_time: 2026-01-08T03:11:20.259Z
updated_time: 2026-01-08T03:22:17.947Z
user_created_time: 2026-01-08T03:11:20.259Z
user_updated_time: 2026-01-08T03:22:17.947Z
file_extension: pdf
encryption_cipher_text: 
encryption_applied: 0
encryption_blob_encrypted: 0
size: 312859
is_shared: 0
share_id: 
master_key_id: 
user_data: 
blob_updated_time: 1767841880259
ocr_text: Securities\n \n–\n \nNOT FDIC Insured\n \n–\n \nNO BANK GUARANTEE\n \n–\n \nMAY LOSE VALUE\n\nInvestments in the Plan are offered through Northern Trust as trustee. UBS AG (UBS), the Plan sponsor, is a U.S. registered broker-dealer\nand member of FINRA. Vanguard Target Retirement Funds are managed by The Vanguard Group, Inc. The Vanguard Group, Inc is not affiliated with\nUBS.\n\nBenchmark\n:\n \nTarget Retirement 2035 Composite Index\n\nInvestment Objective:\n \nThe Fund\n \nseeks to provide\ncapital appreciation and current income consistent with\nits current asset allocation.\n\nInvestment Strategy\n\nAll of the assets of the Vanguard Target Retirement 2035\nFund (the\n \n“Fund”)\n \nare invested in the Vanguard Target\nRetirement 2035 Trust I which is a collective trust (the\n\n“Fund”)\n \nmanaged by Vanguard.\n\nThe Fund invests in Vanguard mutual funds using an asset\nallocation strategy designed for investors planning to\nretire and leave the workforce in or within a few years of\n2035 (the target year). The Fund\n’s\n \nasset allocation will\nbecome more conservative over time.\n\nFund Volatility Analysis\n\nLow\n \nModerate\n \nHigh\n\nFund and Benchmark Performance History\n \nas of 6-30-\n14\n\nQtr.\n \n1\n\nYear\n\n3\n\nYears\n\n5\n\nYears\n\n10\n\nYear\ns\n\nSince\n\nFund\n\nInception\n\nFund\n*\n\nVanguard\n \n4.\n4\n%\n \n21.2\n%\n \n11.\n8\n%\n \n15.6\n%\n \nN/A\n \n5.\n1\n%\n\nBenchmark\n \n4\n.5\n%\n \n21.4\n%\n \n12.1\n%\n \n15.7\n%\n \nN/A\n \n5.\n2\n%\n\nTop Quarter:\n \nBottom Quarter:\n\nQ2\n \n2009\n \nReturn\n \n17.3\n%\n \nQ4 2008\n \nReturn\n \n-\n1\n9\n.\n7\n%\n\n*The Fund will become an investment option in the Plan on\nJanuary 1, 2015. As a result, the Fund does not have any\nperformance history.\n\nFund Expense Ratio\n \nas of June 30, 2014*\n \n0.0825%\n\n*Based on the total expense ratio, including investment\nmanagement fees and administrative fees (e.g. custodial,\nadministration, transfer agency, compliance, accounting, audit),\nwhich are paid by the fund.\n\nThe Fund’s\n \nbenchmark, the Target Retirement 2035 Composite\nIndex is derived by applying the fund\n’\ns target asset allocation to\nthe results of several benchmarks. An investor cannot invest\ndirectly in an index. Performance information for the index\nexcludes management fees, transaction costs and expenses,\nwhich would apply to an investment in the Fund. As a result,\nindex returns will be higher than Fund returns. Also, the\nperformance of the Fund will not equal the performance of the\nbenchmark index because the Fund will invest in instruments\nnot included in the index.\n\nThe\n \nindex and Fund’s\n \nperformance included above\nrepresents past performance and does not guarantee\nfuture results. Index performance does not represent\nFund performance.\n \nCurrent performance of the index or\nthe Fund may be lower or higher than performance data\nincluded above. Investment returns and principal will\nfluctuate and, when redeemed, Fund interests may be\nworth more or less than their original cost. The\nperformance for the Fund reflected on this Fund Data\nSheet is not representative of the UBS 401(k) Plan\nperformance, but is collective trust performance, net of\nfees (0.0825%).\n\n0.0%\n\n5.0%\n\n10.0%\n\n15.0%\n\n20.0%\n\n25.0%\n\nQuarter\n \n1 Year\n \n3 Years\n \n5 Years\n\nVanguard Target\n\nRetirement 2035 Trust I\n\nFund\n\n4.4%\n \n21.2%\n \n11.8%\n \n15.6%\n\nTarget Retirement 2035\n\nComposite Ix\n \n4.5%\n \n21.4%\n \n12.1%\n \n15.7%\n\nVanguard\n \nTarget Retirement\n \n2035\n \nFund\n\nAll data as of June 30\n, 2014\nSecurities\n \n–\n \nNOT FDIC Insured\n \n–\n \nNO BANK GUARANTEE\n \n–\n \nMAY LOSE VALUE\n\nInvestments in the Plan are offered through Northern Trust as trustee. UBS AG (UBS), the Plan sponsor, is a U.S. registered broker-dealer\nand member of FINRA. Vanguard Target Retirement Funds are managed by The Vanguard Group, Inc. The Vanguard Group, Inc is not affiliated with\nUBS.\n\nInvestors should be aware that the 2035 Trust\n’s yield and\n\nthe value of its portfolio fluctuate and can be affected by\nchanges in interest rates, general market conditions and\nother political, social and economic developments. Bonds\nand bond funds will decrease in value as interest rates rise.\n\nFund Allocation\n\n% of Assets\n\nVanguard\n \nTarget Retirement\n \n2035\n \nTrust\n \nI\n\n(\ncollective trust\n)\n\n100\n%\n\nCategory Description: Target Date\n\nTarget-date portfolios provide diversified exposure to\nstocks, bonds, and cash for those investors who have a\nspecific date in mind for retirement. These portfolios aim\nto provide investors with an optimal level of return and\nrisk, based solely on the target date. Management adjusts\nthe allocation among asset classes to more-conservative\nmixes as the target date approaches, following a preset\nglide path. A target-date portfolio is part of a series of\nfunds offering multiple retirement dates to investors.\n\nInvesting involves risk, including possible loss of\nprincipal.\n\nBenchmark\n\nThe Target Retirement 2035 Composite Index is derived by\napplying the fund\n’\ns target asset allocation to the results of\nseveral benchmarks: for international stocks of developed\nmarkets, the MSCI EAFE Index through December 15, 2010,\nthe MSCI ACWI ex USA IMI Index through June 2, 2013, and\nthe FTSE Global All Cap ex US Index thereafter; for emerging-\nmarket stocks, the Select Emerging Markets Index through\nAugust 23, 2006, the MSCI Emerging Markets Index through\nDecember 15, 2010, the MSCI ACWI ex USA IMI Index\nthrough June 2, 2013, and the FTSE Global All Cap ex US\nIndex thereafter; for U.S. bonds, the Barclays U.S. Aggregate\n\nBond Index through December 31, 2009, and the Barclays U.S.\nAggregate Float Adjusted Index thereafter; for international\nbonds, the Barclays Global Aggregate ex-USD Float Adjusted\nRIC Capped Index beginning June 2, 2013; and for U.S. stocks,\nthe MSCI US Broad Market Index through June 2, 2013, and\nthe CRSP US Total Market Index thereafter. International stock\nbenchmark returns are adjusted for withholding taxes.\n\nTarget Retirement 2035 Trust I Characteristics\n\nPortfolio Analysis\n \nas of June 30, 2014\n\nComposition as of June 30, 2014\n\nTurnover Ratio\n\nAs of June 30, 2014\n \n11.6%\n*\n\n*Turnover ratio as of September 30, 2013\n\nThe portfolio analysis/holdings/sectors data are as of\n6/30/14 and, as the portfolio is passively managed, these\nstatistics will track the Target Retirement 2035\nComposite Index over time.\n\nInvestment Glossary\n\nCollective Investment Fund\n: A pooled fund operated by a\nbank or trust company exclusively for pension and trust\ninvestors. Unlike a mutual fund, a collective investment\n\nfund is not registered under the Investment Company Act\nof 1940 and is not subject to federal securities laws or\nregulation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange\nCommission.\n\nAbout the Plan and the Fund\n\nThe Fund is one of several investment options that will be\navailable for investment by certain UBS employees\nthrough t\nhe UBS 401(k) Plan (the “Plan”). The Plan is\n\nqualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue\nCode and its trust is exempt from tax under Section 501(a)\nof the Code. Investments in the Fund are part of the\n\nPlan’s trust, which operates under a trust\n \nagreement with\nNorthern Trust Company as trustee. The Plan and its trust\n\nare exempt from the definition of “investment company”\n\npursuant to Section 3(c)(11) of the Investment Company\nAct of 1940.\n \nInterests of a 401(k) plan generally are not\nsubject to the Securities Act of 1933, although certain\nsecurities registration requirements may apply to the Plan\n\n13.0%\n\n3.3%\n\n58.6%\n\n25.1%\n\nTotal Bond\n\nMarket II Index\n\nTotal Intl Bond\n\nIndex Fund\n\nTotal Stock\n\nMarket Index\n\nTotal Intl Stock\n\nIndex Fund\nSecurities\n \n–\n \nNOT FDIC Insured\n \n–\n \nNO BANK GUARANTEE\n \n–\n \nMAY LOSE VALUE\n\nInvestments in the Plan are offered through Northern Trust as trustee. UBS AG (UBS), the Plan sponsor, is a U.S. registered broker-dealer\nand member of FINRA. Vanguard Target Retirement Funds are managed by The Vanguard Group, Inc. The Vanguard Group, Inc is not affiliated with\nUBS.\n\nbecause certain of its investment options may invest in\nshares of UBS. Fund assets are not held by UBS and an\ninvestment in the Plan is not covered by SIPC.\nSecurities\n \n–\n \nNOT FDIC Insured\n \n–\n \nNO BANK GUARANTEE\n \n–\n \nMAY LOSE VALUE\n\nInvestments in the Plan are offered through Northern Trust as trustee. UBS AG (UBS), the Plan sponsor, is a U.S. registered broker-dealer\nand member of FINRA. Vanguard Target Retirement Funds are managed by The Vanguard Group, Inc. The Vanguard Group, Inc is not affiliated with\nUBS.\n\nGlide Path
ocr_details: 
ocr_status: 2
ocr_error: 
ocr_driver_id: 1
type_: 4